what's up this is the sturdy maker I'm
standing in front of this 1949 Ford
pickup it's not my Studebaker obviously
but it's from the same vintage so I
thought it'd be appropriate for me to
stand in front of it what I want to talk
about is in 2007 I bought my 1950 yellow
Studebaker and when I bought it it looks
pretty good from a distance and when you
started really looking close they're
restored truck wasn't all restored like
this is the kick panel where you step in
and close the door and all that wandah
that's crap I can't believe somebody
sold that graph to me but I bought it on
eBay and I didn't go look at it before I
bought it so I guess that's my fault but
this is the first video that I ever
recorded in that truck the very day that
I bought will have you come on down if
you buy your new car come on down today
we're new just in 1950 model Studebaker
as you can see here it comes loaded with
features no AC no power steering and
it's a manual let's see what are the
features of thing has C has no air
conditioner let's show the empty - but
it does have ashtray to put all your
ashes in it has oh like your window open
on demand all's you got to do is look at
them and they're there let's see what it
takes Kia also has keyless entry if you
can see you just press this button let's
see
in the future I'll be showing you more
videos of my restoration of my
Studebaker so stay tuned for that